Why do you apologize? I don't accept it.
We all make mistakes at the same time
You talk to him alone
I got better grades than him, and you actually sold him a place to him
Now he cheated, and you talk about him as a liar?
You are biased towards him, you don't deserve to be a teacher
Apologize to Mr. Deng
Don't even think about it.
Hit from here
brother
Bah, did you do the math?
It's a rule at your school
But you stay and suddenly dispatch the campus Yu Run
It has a significant impact on campus
County magistrate, you ordered the suspension of classes for three days
Make a public apology to Xu Ziliang
And they report it at school.
I don't accept it, I'm not holding back enough
You actually made a move in front of the principal?
Write three things well
I deleted it.
Stop for me
What's wrong with you?
You don't feel like yourself anymore
Obviously the problem I found first
Obviously I gave him a chance
Why are you looking for something?
Did I tell you you refused to blame me?
Okay.
I was wrong.
But are you really going to keep doing this?
How do I have anything to do with you?
How old are you?
Liu Qiang, don't regret it
Who will come quickly
Go in go in
I'll help
Send this firelight to the cold of teaching
Hey, don't fall, don't fall
Ah!
Slow down, don't fall